                                 INTRODUCTION TO APP DEVELOPMENT WITH FLUTTER
WEEK 1

Installation of apps : Flutter, Gitbash, Visual Studios 

FLUTTER: Flutter is used to develop applications for both android and ios.Flutter was invented in 2017.The phone is connected to the
   system and when run we can see how the developed app works.We can do any mdifications and check how it works at the same time.
   Flutter includes mainly widgets
DART: Dart is the language used by flutter for development of applications.The code is written using dart.

Data types in dart:  
	Numbers: Includes both integers and floating values.
	Strings: Includes characters.
	Booleans: Includes Boolean values[True ,False].
	Lists: Includes group of same data type elements.
	Maps: Includes data stored as keyand value pairs.

Flutter includes classes which inturn includes widgets, variables
•	Developed app includes following parts: Scaffold widget-material app
    App bar : present at the top which includes name of the app and 4 icons can be inserted in the app bar.
    Body of the app: body can include as many elements as possible.
    Bottom bar: this can be used to add still extra features to the app. 

Commands used in Flutter:
help: displays functions of other commands
flutter doctor:displays information about installed software and files and displays information about connected devices
flutter create: this creates a flutter project
git add: this is used to add all the files before commiting them
flutter build: this command is used to build commands
flutter clean: this command deletes the other projects or directories
commit:this command adds a change and explanation for the repository
  syntax: git --m “commit message” or git -m “commit message” or  git -m "commit message:commit message"                                                                                 git =m “commit message:commit message”
fetch: this command is used to get the code which is uploaded in the repository
pull: this command is similar to fetch command but this ais also used to combine the fetched data with a local branch
push: this command is used to upload the code to the repository
flutter run: this command is used 
init: this command is used to create an empty git repository
add: adds contents to index
mv: this command is used to move or rename a file or directory
rm: this command is used to remove files 

NAME:SHREYA V
SRN: PES1UG19EC288

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
